Jack de Haan
Mr. Cruté
AT1 - E
October 7, 2022

-Instructions-
The main screen gives you 6 options (0-5):
1. Make a new Class
This is often the first function you'll do. You'll be prompted to give:
The class name (Can be whatever, but cannot include commas, semicolons, or dashes)
List of any students in the class (if the student doesn't exist, it will create a student of the name)
The types and weights of assignments (In the format of "type,weight" where type is a String and weight is an int)
Then, you'll be prompted to repeat the process again. If you don't want to, you'll return to the main screen.
2. Make a new Student
Note: you cannot make a new student if you haven't created any classes.
You'll be prompted to give:
The student name (cannot include semicolons or commas) - [if the student already exists, you'll have to try again]
List of all the classes they are in (only if the class exists) - and you must include at least one class
Then, you'll be prompted to repeat the process again. If you don't want to, you'll return to the main screen.
3. Make a new assignment
Note: you cannot make a new assignment if you haven't created any classes.
You'll be prompted to give:
Which class the assignment is in
The assignment name (no semicolons or commas)
The assignment type (has to exist within the given class)
Then, you'll be prompted to repeat the process again. If you don't want to, you'll return to the main screen.
4. Edit a class
You'll have to provide the name of the class you're editing. Then, you're allowed to:
Change the name of the class
Add students (the program will list the students that exist and that are not currently in the class)
Remove students (the program will list the students that are in the class)
Then, you'll be prompted to repeat the process again. If you don't want to, you'll return to the main screen.
5. Edit a student
You'll have to provide the name of the student you're editing. Then, you're allowed to:
Change the name of the student
Edit the student's grade:
- You'll have to provide:
    - Which class to change grade
    - Which assignment within that class to change grade
    - New grade to change

0. Quit the program
You're given the choice to save changes made.
